seasoning-books
===============

&lt;Online library with links to free e-literature (short stories, novels, novellas, and poems) of Classics and many, many great new to present-day authors and true to present-past-few eras authors who have written some of the greatest works ever. Now all-in-one site, research and time has enabled the making of this site for anyone to use to read for free any of the literature of their choosing anytime; that is, on an ever-growing list of awesome books to read(any e-mail suggestions for add-ins are highly recommended--you can start now: e-mail me at amcii777@me.com. Amcii Cullum @mc112014, LLC. There are more features available related and extra, however: a blog you can post with issues or essays about books you've read and would like to critique or how your day went or how you feel, you get the point. It is there for you as a signed up user to do what you please with it. The blog could be a doorway where you propose an interesting issue that perhaps begins a conversational bit for our forum where people can talk about reading, writing, favorite music, this era today and how it is difference from the baby boomers children, religious issues, anything theme-related to talk about and hopefully learn from. This is a learning library to have fun with and use with no library card required and no late fees ;)! It is crucial for the site to grow, so I will continue to look for great literature as it is recommended (though please e-mail me on any topics that are of interest to you concerning this site; i.e. add-on links to free literature on the web, things you'd like to see added or removed from the site and why, topic that you'd like me to bring forth in the forum rather than you having to do it, though you may want to participate later, anything at all. Since Heartbleed and NSA et al maintaining an appearance whereby we feel there is no security in our input on the web, I want this to be a liberal arts explosion of ideas coming forth with taboo-topics and a feeling of freedom to talk(1st amendment right, right?!) I am very excited at the potential for what can be done with an online library where the books are always on the shelf for everyone even at the same time. There is a personal profile you can fill out once you register and sign in as a user agent. I am wondering if I should include check boxes next to authors works with -read, -want-to-read,-currently reading,-highly recommend, -do not recommend to others, with a block to type in reason why, a -like block with rating of 1-5 for you to input and it will be saved to your account profile. There will also be a template for you to keep notes on: words you want to look up from the text you're reading, comments you have on literary devices or metaphors used that you liked and why, extrapolation of obscured realities; that is, your take on what the book is trying to say really, and so on. You could even keep a list of books you recommend others to read on the front HOME Page which will be posted for all to see and maybe later after some analytics of what people are reading most etc. I can put lit that's trending now up on the site. There are planned weekly updates to be made to the site for as long as I can do so requiring that I find new literature to post. MY stack so far is planning to run node.js, twitter bootstrap 3.1.1, html5, css and less.js for styling, glyphicons, perhaps meteor.js, history.js, mocha, reveal.js, ember.js, jQuery, list.js, and kraken.js
